README.md, before:

# rk_boilerPlate
React-Redux-Webpack4 Boilerplate

This Boilerplate includes

- React 16.4
- Redux 4
- WebPack 4
- React router (with configartion file, latest version
- JSON Server (For Mocking and creating dummy API's)
- Eslint 
- ES6 
- Bootstrap 4
- CSS 

### Installation 

Clone the GIT Repostory and do `npm install`

### Commands

`npm run dev` 
 To run the application in development mode. This command runs two command concurrently "npm run start" and "npm run dbstart"

`npm run start` 
We can run this command seperately to run the React redux appplication alone. 

`npm run dbstart` 
To run the JSON-Server alone. A configaration file has been given to setup the Http calls seperately. "/src/db/dbConstants"

`npm run lintfix` 
To run the Es lint

### Usage

Fork this repository and use the code

### Learn More

  * [Getting Started with React.js](http://facebook.github.io/react/)
  * [The Future of React](https://github.com/reactjs/react-future)
  * [Redux](https://redux.js.org/)
  * [react-router-config](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/tree/master/packages/react-router-config)
  * [Latest WebPack 4](https://github.com/reactjs/react-future)
  * [Learn ES6](https://babeljs.io/docs/learn-es6/), [ES6 Features](https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features#readme)
  * [JSON- Server](https://github.com/typicode/json-server)

### About Author

I am Rohith Krishna a passionate developer who is working in different kinds of javascript technologies. I am a passionate guy who loves to crack 
algorithms, ideas and create new things. Checkout my other links, these algorithms can be useful if anyone is using complex ideas which can help
you to get the output with more performance

https://github.com/rohithkksmy/JavaScript-function-that-will-find-the-sum-of-all-multiples-of-3-or-5-that-are-below-a-number-N
https://github.com/rohithkksmy/kadane-s-Algorithm-JS
https://github.com/rohithkksmy/maxLengthSubArrEqualTok

Hey Guys use this repository and let me know if you any opinions. I always welcome suggestions. The next version will include Testing Framwork
and later this will be converted to isomorphic using Python or node.js

Commit message:

updating second version with read me inlcuded test features

README.md, after:

# rk_boilerPlate
React-Redux-Webpack4 Boilerplate

This Boilerplate includes

- React 16.4
- Redux 4
- WebPack 4
- React router (with configartion file, latest version
- JSON Server (For Mocking and creating dummy API's)
- Eslint 
- ES6 
- Bootstrap 4
- CSS 
- Jest, enzyme, sinon(Unit Tetsing)
- Prettifier (Auto prettify of code)

### Installation 

Clone the GIT Repostory and do `npm install`

### Commands

`npm run dev` 
 To run the application in development mode. This command runs two command concurrently "npm run start" and "npm run dbstart"

`npm run start` 
We can run this command seperately to run the React redux appplication alone. 

`npm run dbstart` 
To run the JSON-Server alone. A configaration file has been given to setup the Http calls seperately. "/src/db/dbConstants"

`npm run lintfix` 
To run the Es lint

`npm run test`
To run the unit tests


### Usage

Fork this repository and use the code

### Learn More

  * [Getting Started with React.js](http://facebook.github.io/react/)
  * [The Future of React](https://github.com/reactjs/react-future)
  * [Redux](https://redux.js.org/)
  * [react-router-config](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router/tree/master/packages/react-router-config)
  * [Latest WebPack 4](https://github.com/reactjs/react-future)
  * [Learn ES6](https://babeljs.io/docs/learn-es6/), [ES6 Features](https://github.com/lukehoban/es6features#readme)
  * [JSON- Server](https://github.com/typicode/json-server)
  * [Enzyme](http://airbnb.io/enzyme/docs/installation/)
  * [Jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest/docs/en/getting-started.html)
  * [Sinon](http://sinonjs.org/)

### About Author

I am Rohith Krishna a passionate developer who is working in different kinds of javascript technologies. I am a passionate guy who loves to crack 
algorithms, ideas and create new things. Checkout my other links, these algorithms can be useful if anyone is using complex ideas which can help
you to get the output with more performance

https://github.com/rohithkksmy/JavaScript-function-that-will-find-the-sum-of-all-multiples-of-3-or-5-that-are-below-a-number-N
https://github.com/rohithkksmy/kadane-s-Algorithm-JS
https://github.com/rohithkksmy/maxLengthSubArrEqualTok

Hey Guys use this repository and let me know if you any opinions. I always welcome suggestions. The next version will be conver the isomorphic
features by including Python or node.js
